Operating an Elevator
1. Identify what floor you are currently on
2. Ask the user what floor they would like to go to
3.a If the floor number is greater than the floor you are on press the up button
3.b If the floor number is less than the floor you are on press the down button
3.c If the floor number is the same as the floor you are on tell the user "You are already here" and exit program

4. Prompt the user to indicate when hey are on the elevator
5. Once they do find the button that matches the floor they intend to travel to and push that button
6. Once you reach that floor ask the user if they are happy with their floor
7.a If they are wish them well and exit program
7.b If they are not ask them which follor they would like to go to instead and restart the program at stpe 3.

Making a Peanut Butter and jelly Sandwich 
1. Make sure you have bread, peanut butter, jelly, and a butter knife. If any of these items are missing get them from their storage locations
2. Open the bread bag and lay 2 slices of bread on your work surface
3. Open the jar of peanut butter
4. Dip the butter knife into the peanut butter jar and extract 2 tablespoons of peanut butter
5. Using the bread knife spread the peanut butter evenly on one of the slices of bread
6. Scrape as much excess peanut butter off the knife onto the lip of the peanut butter jar as possible
7. (do not lick the knife, that is gross)
8. Put the lid back on the peanut butter jar
9. Open the jelly jar
10. Using the bread knife spread the jelly evenly on one of the slice of bread without peanut butter
11. Scrape as much excess jelly off the knife onto the lip of the jelly jar as possible
12. (it is okay to lick the knife now since it won't be going in any more jars)
13. Close the jelly jar 
14. Clean, rinse, and dry the knife
15. Put the knife away
16. Put the peanut butter and jelly jars away
17. Put the jelly covered slice of bread on top of the peanut butter covered slice of bread jelly side down.
18. Exit program, you have a sandwich